NOTES.md, before:

# Notes

**Labels**  
✅ done  
🚧 WIP  
❌ ERROR  
TODO:

# Next steps
1. ✅ Creating API stories with OpenAPI defs
1. ✅ Make something work locally (for example, healthcheck endpoint)
1. ✅ Make CD pipeline work with contract testing (maybe smoke test, too?)
1. ✅ Complete API
1. ✅ Include Swagger UI deployment in CD
1. Creating CLI stories
1. Implementing CLI with E2E BDD tests
1. Create a frontend

## Pomodoro 1

Driver: Gearóid  
Navigator: Attila  
Observer: Julian

- ✅ UAT1.1 - Odd Seconds - light is unlit

```
Examples:
  | time     |
  | 12:00:01 |
  | 13:00:03 |
```

- ✅ UAT1.2 - Even Seconds - light is lit

```
Examples:
  | time     |
  | 12:00:02 |
  | 13:00:04 |
```

- 🚧 UAT2.1 - 5 Hours

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO |
  | 01:55:43 |    OOOO |
  | 04:29:21 |    OOOO |
  | 05:32:52 |    ROOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
  | 09:41:49 |    ROOO |
  | 10:54:28 |    RROO |
  | 11:56:19 |    RROO |
  | 14:01:45 |    RROO |
  | 15:13:25 |    RRRO |
  | 16:09:33 |    RRRO |
  | 19:49:22 |    RRRO |
  | 20:47:12 |    RRRR |
  | 21:38:15 |    RRRR |
```

## Pomodoro 2

- ✅ UAT2.1 - 5 Hours

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO |
  | 01:55:43 |    OOOO |
  | 04:29:21 |    OOOO |
  | 05:32:52 |    ROOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
  | 09:41:49 |    ROOO |
  | 10:54:28 |    RROO |
  | 11:56:19 |    RROO |
  | 14:01:45 |    RROO |
  | 15:13:25 |    RRRO |
  | 16:09:33 |    RRRO |
  | 19:49:22 |    RRRO |
  | 20:47:12 |    RRRR |
  | 21:38:15 |    RRRR |
```

- ✅ refactor toBerlinTime function

- 🚧 UAT 3.1 - 1 Hour

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO | ✅
  | 01:55:43 |    ROOO |
  | 02:35:41 |    RROO |
  | 04:29:21 |    RRRR |
  | 05:32:52 |    OOOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
```

## Pomodoro 3

Driver: Julian
Navigator: Gearóid

- ✅ UAT 3.1 - 1 Hour

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO |
  | 01:55:43 |    ROOO |
  | 02:35:41 |    RROO |
  | 04:29:21 |    RRRR |
  | 05:32:52 |    OOOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
```

- ✅ Refactor the code for the one hour pattern

- 🚧 UAT 4.1 - 5 Minutes

```
Given <time>
When taking a look at the Berlin Clock
Then the fourth row of lights shows <pattern>

Examples:
  | time     | pattern     |
  | 00:00:00 | OOOOOOOOOOO | 🚧
  | 07:04:15 | OOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 04:05:06 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 11:09:53 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 23:10:24 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 19:14:42 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 16:15:33 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 18:19:38 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 05:20:01 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 03:24:38 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 12:25:10 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 23:29:50 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 04:30:07 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 15:34:22 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 17:35:12 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 11:39:02 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 07:40:01 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 22:44:07 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 08:45:14 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 15:49:01 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 20:50:04 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 01:54:12 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 10:55:31 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
  | 12:59:47 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
```

## Pomodoro 4

Driver: Gearóid
Navigator: Attila

- ✅ UAT 4.1 - 5 Minutes

```
Given <time>
When taking a look at the Berlin Clock
Then the fourth row of lights shows <pattern>

Examples:
  | time     | pattern     |
  | 00:00:00 | OOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 07:04:15 | OOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 04:05:06 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 11:09:53 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 23:10:24 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 19:14:42 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 16:15:33 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 18:19:38 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 05:20:01 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 03:24:38 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 12:25:10 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 23:29:50 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 04:30:07 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 15:34:22 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 17:35:12 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 11:39:02 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 07:40:01 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 22:44:07 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 08:45:14 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 15:49:01 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 20:50:04 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 01:54:12 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 10:55:31 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
  | 12:59:47 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
```

- ✅ Refactor the code for the five minutes pattern
- ✅ Refactor the code for pattern generations

# Pomodoro 5

- ✅ UAT 5.1 - 1 Minute

```
Given <time>
When taking a look at the Berlin Clock
Then the fifth row of lights shows <pattern>

Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:00:00 |    OOOO | 
  | 07:01:15 |    YOOO | 
  | 04:02:06 |    YYOO |
  | 11:03:53 |    YYYO |
  | 23:04:24 |    YYYY |
  | 19:05:42 |    OOOO |
  | 16:16:33 |    YOOO |
  | 18:37:38 |    YYOO |
  | 05:48:01 |    YYYO |
  | 03:19:38 |    YYYY |
```

- ✅ Refactor: extract logic to separate function
- ✅ make variable naming consistent in `toXxxPattern` functions

# Next steps
1. Creating API stories with OpenAPI defs
1. Make something work locally (for example, healthcheck endpoint)
1. Make CD pipeline work with contract testing (maybe smoke test, too?)
1. Complete API
1. Include Swagger UI deployment in CD
1. Creating CLI stories
1. Implementing CLI

## Pomdoro 6

- ✅ Creating API stories with OpenAPI defs

## Pomodoro 7

Driver: Julian  
Navigator: Gearóid  

- ✅ UAT6.1 - Health route
- ✅ UAT7.1 - Successful return of Berlin clock time
- 🚧 UAT7.2 - Correct response is returned

## Pomodoro 8

Driver: Gearóid  
Navigator: Attila

- 🚧 UAT7.2 - Correct response is returned

## Pomodoro 9

Driver: Attila  
Navigator: Julian

- ✅ Fix npm commit issue
- ✅ UAT7.2 - Correct response is returned
- ✅ Create OpenAPI doc

## Pomodoro 10

Driver: Julian  
Navigator: Gearoid

- ✅ Create `index.js` file at root of project to start server (http and port: 9080)
- 🚧 Create shell script to build Docker images and push to the registry
- TODO: Update travis to run the build and push to the registry script

## Pomodoro 11

- 🚧 Create shell script to build Docker images and push to the registry
- TODO: Update travis to run the build and push to the registry script

## Pomodoro 12

- ✅ Create shell script to build Docker images and push to the registry
- ✅ Update `travis.yml` to run `build-and-publish.sh` on push to `main` branch

## Pomodoro 13

- ✅ create `deploy.sh` script to create or update app in Code Engine
- ✅ create `setup.sh` script that initalises the Code Engine app

## Pomodoro 14

- ✅ Make CD pipeline work with contract testing (maybe smoke test, too?)
- ✅ refactor the create script to be called setup

# Pomodoro 15

Driver: Julian
Navigator: Attila

- ✅ Creating CLI stories
- ✅ Check BDD environment


## Pomdmoro 16

Driver: Attila
Navigator: Gearóid

- 🚧 implement UAT 8.1

## Pomodoro 17

Driver: Attila
Navigator: Julian

- 🚧 implement UAT 8.1
  - ✅ unit tests for converting:
    - ✅ `"R"` =  🔴
    - ✅ `"Y"` =  🟡
    - ✅ `"O"` =  ⚪
  - 🚧 unit tests for a row of lights

## Pomodoro 18

Driver: Julian
Navigator: Attila

- ✅ implement UAT 8.1
  - ✅ unit tests for a row of lights
  - ✅ unit tests for the whole clock

Commit message:

refactor(us8/uat8.1): renamed src/cli.js to src/cli-converter.js

NOTES.md, after:

# Notes

**Labels**  
✅ done  
🚧 WIP  
❌ ERROR  
TODO:

# Next steps
1. ✅ Creating API stories with OpenAPI defs
1. ✅ Make something work locally (for example, healthcheck endpoint)
1. ✅ Make CD pipeline work with contract testing (maybe smoke test, too?)
1. ✅ Complete API
1. ✅ Include Swagger UI deployment in CD
1. ✅ Creating CLI stories
1. 🚧 Implementing CLI with E2E BDD tests
1. Create a frontend

## Pomodoro 1

Driver: Gearóid  
Navigator: Attila  
Observer: Julian

- ✅ UAT1.1 - Odd Seconds - light is unlit

```
Examples:
  | time     |
  | 12:00:01 |
  | 13:00:03 |
```

- ✅ UAT1.2 - Even Seconds - light is lit

```
Examples:
  | time     |
  | 12:00:02 |
  | 13:00:04 |
```

- 🚧 UAT2.1 - 5 Hours

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO |
  | 01:55:43 |    OOOO |
  | 04:29:21 |    OOOO |
  | 05:32:52 |    ROOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
  | 09:41:49 |    ROOO |
  | 10:54:28 |    RROO |
  | 11:56:19 |    RROO |
  | 14:01:45 |    RROO |
  | 15:13:25 |    RRRO |
  | 16:09:33 |    RRRO |
  | 19:49:22 |    RRRO |
  | 20:47:12 |    RRRR |
  | 21:38:15 |    RRRR |
```

## Pomodoro 2

- ✅ UAT2.1 - 5 Hours

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO |
  | 01:55:43 |    OOOO |
  | 04:29:21 |    OOOO |
  | 05:32:52 |    ROOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
  | 09:41:49 |    ROOO |
  | 10:54:28 |    RROO |
  | 11:56:19 |    RROO |
  | 14:01:45 |    RROO |
  | 15:13:25 |    RRRO |
  | 16:09:33 |    RRRO |
  | 19:49:22 |    RRRO |
  | 20:47:12 |    RRRR |
  | 21:38:15 |    RRRR |
```

- ✅ refactor toBerlinTime function

- 🚧 UAT 3.1 - 1 Hour

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO | ✅
  | 01:55:43 |    ROOO |
  | 02:35:41 |    RROO |
  | 04:29:21 |    RRRR |
  | 05:32:52 |    OOOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
```

## Pomodoro 3

Driver: Julian
Navigator: Gearóid

- ✅ UAT 3.1 - 1 Hour

```
Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:21:40 |    OOOO |
  | 01:55:43 |    ROOO |
  | 02:35:41 |    RROO |
  | 04:29:21 |    RRRR |
  | 05:32:52 |    OOOO |
  | 06:33:51 |    ROOO |
```

- ✅ Refactor the code for the one hour pattern

- 🚧 UAT 4.1 - 5 Minutes

```
Given <time>
When taking a look at the Berlin Clock
Then the fourth row of lights shows <pattern>

Examples:
  | time     | pattern     |
  | 00:00:00 | OOOOOOOOOOO | 🚧
  | 07:04:15 | OOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 04:05:06 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 11:09:53 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 23:10:24 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 19:14:42 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 16:15:33 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 18:19:38 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 05:20:01 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 03:24:38 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 12:25:10 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 23:29:50 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 04:30:07 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 15:34:22 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 17:35:12 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 11:39:02 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 07:40:01 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 22:44:07 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 08:45:14 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 15:49:01 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 20:50:04 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 01:54:12 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 10:55:31 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
  | 12:59:47 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
```

## Pomodoro 4

Driver: Gearóid
Navigator: Attila

- ✅ UAT 4.1 - 5 Minutes

```
Given <time>
When taking a look at the Berlin Clock
Then the fourth row of lights shows <pattern>

Examples:
  | time     | pattern     |
  | 00:00:00 | OOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 07:04:15 | OOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 04:05:06 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 11:09:53 | YOOOOOOOOOO |
  | 23:10:24 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 19:14:42 | YYOOOOOOOOO |
  | 16:15:33 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 18:19:38 | YYROOOOOOOO |
  | 05:20:01 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 03:24:38 | YYRYOOOOOOO |
  | 12:25:10 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 23:29:50 | YYRYYOOOOOO |
  | 04:30:07 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 15:34:22 | YYRYYROOOOO |
  | 17:35:12 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 11:39:02 | YYRYYRYOOOO |
  | 07:40:01 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 22:44:07 | YYRYYRYYOOO |
  | 08:45:14 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 15:49:01 | YYRYYRYYROO |
  | 20:50:04 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 01:54:12 | YYRYYRYYRYO |
  | 10:55:31 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
  | 12:59:47 | YYRYYRYYRYY |
```

- ✅ Refactor the code for the five minutes pattern
- ✅ Refactor the code for pattern generations

# Pomodoro 5

- ✅ UAT 5.1 - 1 Minute

```
Given <time>
When taking a look at the Berlin Clock
Then the fifth row of lights shows <pattern>

Examples:
  | time     | pattern |
  | 00:00:00 |    OOOO | 
  | 07:01:15 |    YOOO | 
  | 04:02:06 |    YYOO |
  | 11:03:53 |    YYYO |
  | 23:04:24 |    YYYY |
  | 19:05:42 |    OOOO |
  | 16:16:33 |    YOOO |
  | 18:37:38 |    YYOO |
  | 05:48:01 |    YYYO |
  | 03:19:38 |    YYYY |
```

- ✅ Refactor: extract logic to separate function
- ✅ make variable naming consistent in `toXxxPattern` functions

# Next steps
1. Creating API stories with OpenAPI defs
1. Make something work locally (for example, healthcheck endpoint)
1. Make CD pipeline work with contract testing (maybe smoke test, too?)
1. Complete API
1. Include Swagger UI deployment in CD
1. Creating CLI stories
1. Implementing CLI

## Pomdoro 6

- ✅ Creating API stories with OpenAPI defs

## Pomodoro 7

Driver: Julian  
Navigator: Gearóid  

- ✅ UAT6.1 - Health route
- ✅ UAT7.1 - Successful return of Berlin clock time
- 🚧 UAT7.2 - Correct response is returned

## Pomodoro 8

Driver: Gearóid  
Navigator: Attila

- 🚧 UAT7.2 - Correct response is returned

## Pomodoro 9

Driver: Attila  
Navigator: Julian

- ✅ Fix npm commit issue
- ✅ UAT7.2 - Correct response is returned
- ✅ Create OpenAPI doc

## Pomodoro 10

Driver: Julian  
Navigator: Gearoid

- ✅ Create `index.js` file at root of project to start server (http and port: 9080)
- 🚧 Create shell script to build Docker images and push to the registry
- TODO: Update travis to run the build and push to the registry script

## Pomodoro 11

- 🚧 Create shell script to build Docker images and push to the registry
- TODO: Update travis to run the build and push to the registry script

## Pomodoro 12

- ✅ Create shell script to build Docker images and push to the registry
- ✅ Update `travis.yml` to run `build-and-publish.sh` on push to `main` branch

## Pomodoro 13

- ✅ create `deploy.sh` script to create or update app in Code Engine
- ✅ create `setup.sh` script that initalises the Code Engine app

## Pomodoro 14

- ✅ Make CD pipeline work with contract testing (maybe smoke test, too?)
- ✅ refactor the create script to be called setup

# Pomodoro 15

Driver: Julian
Navigator: Attila

- ✅ Creating CLI stories
- ✅ Check BDD environment


## Pomdmoro 16

Driver: Attila
Navigator: Gearóid

- 🚧 implement UAT 8.1

## Pomodoro 17

Driver: Attila
Navigator: Julian

- 🚧 implement UAT 8.1
  - ✅ unit tests for converting:
    - ✅ `"R"` =  🔴
    - ✅ `"Y"` =  🟡
    - ✅ `"O"` =  ⚪
  - 🚧 unit tests for a row of lights

## Pomodoro 18

Driver: Julian
Navigator: Attila

- ✅ implement UAT 8.1
  - ✅ unit tests for a row of lights
  - ✅ unit tests for the whole clock

## Pomodoro 19

Driver: Attila
Navigator: Gearóid

- 🚧 implement UAT 8.1 - end to end
 - ✅ rename the src/cli.js and test/cli.spect.js to use cliConverter
